
I'm Sergei. Usual person, nothin spetial. Like coding, solving problems.
Like sport. Play table tennis, voleyball and chess.
Have five trainings a week. Two for voleyball and three for tennis.

Sorry fo my English.

Not creative but I've found good decision this problem.

I'm good engeenir and used to think with algorithms.

And surprise) 
Some people have invented algorithms for creativity and imagination.

For example, brain storm.

(
	little people method,
    storytelling method
)

I've developed and deployed little application that helps to automate brain storm process.
I like automating processes!
I think we can automate some people. It's a joke)
API with Python and 
UI for Android. Used Flutter. 



About Project

In the SoftServe Academy I worked for test automation project for WebApplication. 
Are intrested in UI or API part of testing?

UI

I worked for framework. 
Defined base elements and general structure of autotests.
Main idea was readable tests witch use method chaining. Fluent interface pattern.
Method chaining - calling a method returns some object on which further methods can be called.  
Shared my knowlage and helped teammates to resolve their problems.
Why I get exception?
Why I can't get access to web element?
How can I get element from ArrayList?) It's not a joke)
How work with git?

Requirements analisys, of course.
Do you have an analyst?
How does this happen in your team?

We had test-cases from block of manual testing. 
Firstly, pages witch allove to manege users account and profile. (Reset pass, Change pass, etc.)
We shared this pages and wrote autotests.
Then pages for authorized users.

API

The same situation.
Grey box testing.
Did'n have access to DB. We left terrible mess in DB.


About App
For example, we have some object. Some noun.
And my apps alloves to generate adjectives or verbs for this object.
In one second you can get thouthands creative results.
For example, pink elefant, stone sky etc. 


My brother works as DevOps and we talk about modern developers. 
It's terrible.
